Api/ControllerApiMain/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\ControllerApiMain.txt
Api/Delete/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\Delete.txt
Api/dropdown/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\dropdown.txt
Api/GetAll/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\GetAll.txt
Api/GetById/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\GetById.txt
Api/Insert/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\Insert.txt
Api/Search/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\Search.txt
Api/SearchByString/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\SearchByString.txt
Api/Update/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Api\Update.txt
DataAccess/DataAccessMain/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\DataAccessMain.txt
DataAccess/Delete/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\Delete.txt
DataAccess/dropdown/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\dropdown.txt
DataAccess/GetAll/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\GetAll.txt
DataAccess/GetById/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\GetById.txt
DataAccess/Insert/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\Insert.txt
DataAccess/Search/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\Search.txt
DataAccess/SearchByString/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\SearchByString.txt
DataAccess/Update/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\DataAccess\Update.txt
interface/IDelete/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IDelete.txt
interface/IDropdown/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IDropdown.txt
interface/IGetAll/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IGetAll.txt
interface/IGetById/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IGetById.txt
interface/IInsert/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IInsert.txt
interface/InterfaceMain/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\InterfaceMain.txt
interface/ISearch/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\ISearch.txt
interface/ISearchByString/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\ISearchByString.txt
interface/IUpdate/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\interface\IUpdate.txt
Model/Model/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Model\Model.txt
Service/Delete/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\Delete.txt
Service/dropdown/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\dropdown.txt
Service/GetAll/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\GetAll.txt
Service/GetById/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\GetById.txt
Service/Insert/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\Insert.txt
Service/Search/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\Search.txt
Service/SearchByString/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\SearchByString.txt
Service/ServiceMain/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\ServiceMain.txt
Service/Update/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\Service\Update.txt
storeProcedure/Delete/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\Delete.txt
storeProcedure/deleteMulti/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\deleteMulti.txt
storeProcedure/dropdown/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\dropdown.txt
storeProcedure/GetAll/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\GetAll.txt
storeProcedure/GetById/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\GetById.txt
storeProcedure/insert/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\insert.txt
storeProcedure/SaveFromList/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\SaveFromList.txt
storeProcedure/Search/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\Search.txt
storeProcedure/searchByString/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\searchByString.txt
storeProcedure/StoreProcedureMain/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\StoreProcedureMain.txt
storeProcedure/update/C:\Users\nguye\source\repos\Generate_Code\automatic-code-generation\GUI\bin\Debug\Configuration Code\storeProcedure\update.txt
